# OpenAlchemy Package Terms

_Last updated: 2021-01-07._

Please read these terms of service ("terms", "terms of service") carefully
before using <https://package.openalchemy.io> and
<https://editor.openalchemy.io> websites and related services (the "service")
operated by Open Alchemy Pty Ltd ("us", 'we", "our").

## Conditions of Use

We will provide their services to you, which are subject to the conditions
stated below in this document. Every time you visit these websites, use its
services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions. This is why
we urge you to read them carefully.

## Privacy Policy

Before you continue using our websites we advise you to read our privacy policy
[PRIVACY.md](PRIVACY.md) regarding our user data collection. It will help you
better understand our practices.

## Copyright

Content published on <https://package.openalchemy.io> and
<https://editor.openalchemy.io> ("websites") (digital downloads, images, texts,
graphics, logos) is the property of Open Alchemy Pty Ltd and/or its content
creators and protected by international copyright laws. The entire compilation
of the content found on this websites is the exclusive property of Open Alchemy
Pty Ltd, with copyright authorship for this compilation by Open Alchemy Pty
Ltd.

## Communications

The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us an email
or visit our websites, you are going to be communicating with us. You hereby
consent to receive communications from us. If you subscribe to the news on our
websites, you are going to receive regular emails from us. We will continue to
communicate with you by posting news and notices on our websites and by sending
you emails. You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other
communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements
that such communications be in writing.

## Applicable Law

By visiting these websites, you agree that the laws of Australia, without
regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms of service, or
any dispute of any sort that might come between Open Alchemy Pty Ltd and you,
or its business partners and associates.

## Disputes

Any dispute related in any way to your visit to these websites or to products
you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by state or federal court Australia
and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.

## Comments, Reviews, and Emails

Visitors may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory,
threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or
injurious in any other way to third parties. Content has to be free of software
viruses, political campaign, and commercial solicitation.

We reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such
content.

## License and Site Access

We grant you a limited license to access and make personal or commercial use of
these websites. You are not allowed to download or modify it. This may be done
only with written consent from us.

## User Account

If you are an owner of an account on these websites, you are solely responsible
for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and
password and any other credentials issued to you as as secret keys). You are
responsible for all activities that occur under your account, password or other
credentials.

We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel
orders in their sole discretion.

## DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

THE WEBSITES AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING ANY
SOFTWARE) AND SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH
THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED BY OPEN ALCHEMY PTY LTD ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”
BASIS, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE AGREEMENT. OPEN ALCHEMY PTY LTD MAKES
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE
OPERATION OF THESE WEBSITES OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS
(INCLUDING ANY SOFTWARE) OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO
YOU THROUGH THE WEBSITES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. YOU EXPRESSLY
AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT
PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, AWS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. OPEN ALCHEMY PTY LTD DOES NOT WARRANT
THAT THIS SITE; INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING ANY
SOFTWARE) OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH
THE WEBSITES; ITS SERVERS; OR E-MAIL SENT FROM OPEN ALCHEMY PTY LTD ARE FREE OF
VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. OPEN ALCHEMY PTY LTD WILL NOT BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITES OR FROM ANY
INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR SERVICES
INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE WEBSITES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE AGREEMENT. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT
ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF
CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE
DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT
HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
